Summary of plans for 2022 (#1057)
HSF/hsf.github.io: organization/planning/plan-of-work-2022.md

---
title: HSF Plans for 2022
author: Graeme Stewart
layout: plain_toc
---

## Preamble

At the beginning of 2022 the HSF established some high-level

> plans and goals for 2022. While none of these are cast in stone, we

Reviewer: ```suggestion
plans and goals for the year ahead. While none of these are cast in stone, we
```

remain agile to adapt to new opportunities and circumstances throughout

> the year, they are a useful guide to our activities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the year. This planning is a useful guide to our activities.
```

* Flavor tagging (topical meeting, possibly joint with analysis WG)
  * HF resonance reconstruction and HF jet tagging
* Calibration / alignment & conditions handling in reconstruction
  * Topical meeting (together with framework group?)
* Training material on heterogeneous computing for reconstruction & triggers
  * Together with training group?
  * Needs some discussions and planning
* Heterogeneous computing in reco & triggers - together with compute accelerator forum
  * “Classical” approach: Patatrack + additional project
  * “Exotic” approaches: quantum computing, IPUs, TPUs etc.
* Software trigger and reconstruction for streaming readout experiments
  * Coordinate HSF joint session at Streaming Readout Workshop X and XI (last two at MIT and ORNL, expect two workshops in 2022, TBD)

### PyHEP

#### 2022 Workshop

* Since we’re no longer planning to co-locate with SciPy in Austin, TX, choosing a date within a week of SciPy is no longer a benefit
* We’re considering end of August/beginning of September instead of July.
* We’re thinking of adding new features (still brainstorming)
  * Maybe adding hackathon / community building specific contributions

> * Would mean a call for “short tasks” across ecosystem package aside the usual call for presentations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Would mean a call for “short tasks” across the ecosystem packages aside the usual call for presentations
```
